supporters of second-division
Wolverhampton Wanderers are claiming an
unusual record after chartering six
planes for the away match in Newcastle
they say it's the biggest airlift ever
organized for an English league game and
it was richly rewarded 950 wolves fans
met at Birmingham Airport this morning a
massive New Year's Day party at 73
pounds ahead the special fare from the
Midlands to Newcastle the Greenland
branch of the supporters Club was
represented the Guinness Book of Records
will be formally contacted tomorrow when
it started to get up to the 900 mark we
really couldn't believe it we didn't
know when it was going to beat her out
to be truthful and in fact even at the
airport fans were trying to get on board
the aircraft
if Santa had run out of presents by the
time they'd reached the ground
Newcastle happy
an early penalty miss and then in the
second half a bad defensive error made
the trip worthwhile Steve bull will star
striker had refound his touch with only
one goal to his credit in two months he
then scored four in the space of half an
hour bull was on a roll as Newcastle
collapsed the atmosphere in the ground
turned ugly moments later as bull
collected his hat-trick one home fan had
to be restrained from attacking the
Newcastle bench in his anger and
frustration a consolation goal followed
only to be chopped again by bull a hint
on New Year's Day of a World Cup year
that bull means England business and
that's all from the newsroom tonight
good night Dede in the video cannot
unsee provide food and hundred wolves
fans chose direct jet travel I should
say to see their team's new year games
and James's bark and after Steve Bulls
remarkable four goals in just 26 minutes
they sang all the way back airport staff
had never seen anything like it
destination Newcastle and the departures
hall at Birmingham International was
bathed in the old golden black the
Wolves away day was never going to be
anything but a party on the tarmac the
first of the continual choruses even the
plane carried the club's colours
the first of six seven three seven and
seven 5/7 headed out each fan had paid
around seventy-five pounds of the flight
and it seemed everyone was entering the
spirit of the day a uniform welcoming
party greeted them at Newcastle but
already the head of the flying convoy
were transferred to coach and moved on
to some James's Park for the match
kicking off the team had travelled more
modestly they come by berths all the way
but it hadn't done mark Kendall any harm
as he saved Quinn's penalty kick after
just seven minutes the second half
brought Bulls domination the first with
the help of Paul Cort
Keith downing started the move down the
middle for the second you don't give
Paul this much space and get away with
it who said he was going through a lean
spell the hat-trick was completed within
nine minutes those air tickets have been
money well spent
and the fourth goal just confirmed it
I'll just keep talking - I think up
against enemy to take chance after
chance after gentleman the goal coming
in today always it was poaching goals we
didn't those goals
it was more like before the fans really
because there's trouble down on the
plane everything it was unbelievable
it's a it's a big ground I'll just eat
just glad to play so celebrations in the
sky and hardly surprisingly the homeward
trip is a rather more noisy affair
first we have some news that may please
fans of Leicester City David pleat the
city manager is to ask for loan
extensions for two players kevin
campbell of Astral and paul Moran of
spurs meanwhile Gary McAllister Lester's
1 million pound rated midfielder who was
attracting interest from Nottingham
Forest has said he's not rushing into
anything just at the moment well
whatever the 90s may eventually bring no
one can deny the excellent start the new
decade by - Midlands football clubs as
today's headlines clearly show Aston
Villa are the Midlands team snapping at
the heels of the first division leaders
Liverpool while in the second division
wolves blasted four goals past Newcastle
United with Steve balls they only wolves
name on the score sheet and there was
high-flying support for wolves it's in
James's Park near a thousand of their
fans took to the air yesterday to give
them a boost on Tyneside
Richard urines joined them
nine hundred and fifty walls fans made
the trip north by plane the carnival
atmosphere in the departure hall at
Birmingham Airport a continuation of the
New Year's celebrations just a few hours
earlier manager Kenny Dalglish manager
Alex Ferguson and they all wanted the
same thing for Christmas and of course
they wanted Stevie ball and they owned
the answer that is I'm very very sorry
but sunder is a wolf's fan and there's
no way they're getting you you stay in
it more than you and I think a hatchet
today would go down very very nicely for
the Wolves family
the flying walls filled six aircraft it
could be the biggest airlift in football
league history and the Guinness Book of
Records has been informed fans paid 73
pounds each for the half hour flight an
attractive alternative to the usual six
hour slog up the motorway the whole idea
had humble beginnings the supporters
club expecting 80 fan to fly it the most
when it started to climb to 180 and 200
plus I thought well that's that's
incredible now when he got over 600 the
airline's thought that I was stupid by
that time and he died on hold on his
team but when it started to get up to
the 900 mark we really couldn't believe
it we didn't know when it was gonna
peter out to be truthful and in fact
even at the airport fans were trying to
get on board the aircraft
notable an incredible response for an
incredible game the first half as dull
as the northern weather the second half
which saw Santa's dream of a Steve bull
Patrick come true
as I say four great goals from you are
you gonna bear to do the same thing for
England ooh you think well I'll just
keep my own club aside England's a
second ambition really say as only gives
me another chance now and again as I eat
my commode then it might be aware of man
tonight no not very nice i we're all
strikers a go through phases escorting
girls and not schoolgirls and say he's
at the moment and same as david
bloodbath was going i wasn't all be
enjoyed up but i've come back to right
before garden just touch would like not
a bad start to the season then for bull
and plenty for the Wolves fans to sing
about on the flight home
like sing a new Kings bow now it's
official center is a fan of wolves